So I'm not sure if it's necessary, but I thought I'd create a state-based impression of the typical player.

Player variables: Health?
                  Defense
                  Left-Hand Item (Because let's make everyone left-handed maybe)
                  Speed?
                  Camera?

Held-item default value, value changes based on item held, and changes effect of mouse-click.
--> So each state will check what item is held
--> I'm so sure there's probably better ways to do this than states?
--> Can multiple states be active at a time, considering they're if/else statements? Could potentially have different sets
    states under categories, health/damage related, item-held related, equipped armor related, movement related
    
State 1: Fists, basically punch, click activates, release of mouse button ends state
State 2: Unique bandage click animation- Left click heals self, right click punch on other which expends bandage
         Possibly highlights target if not heal self used?
State 3: Bow and Arrow/Slingshot AND ammo for either, holding low in left hand (but visible?), on click load and shoot
         If held longer then charge, and also slight zoom of camera
State 4: Bow and Arrow/Slingshot AND no ammo for either, holding low in left, click does shakes item as if broken
State 5: Spear/Hammer/Hatchet, left hand in front holding, on right click hand goes back and hits forward
State 6: Traps/barriers, bundle in hand, or both hands heaped and holding 'gear', Left click place on ground
State 7: Armor equipped, if equipped then damage by other source is calculated by a(base damage) x b(armor class), so armor
         class changes depending on what armor is equipped, b is 1 if nothing

Basically movement, we could have a running speed of between 35kmph and 15 kmph with 25kmph determining the average size of
the map, so a set 6-7km by 6-7km area.
--> Oh hey, character customisation: You can toggle a scale for body type, the leaner has average faster speed but less run
    time and better sneak, the bulkier has average lower, but longer run time and worse sneak.
    Crawl speed half, quarter speed crouched, cannot use ranged weapons while crawling.
    Q and E allow you to look behind you while running Outlast-style because that shit was tense, which I think is a good
    way to make people feel about this era, especially with night-time (See the world design file when it's made)
